doc: CLOUDP-216288 - Update the warning message in the cluster resource to mention a bug on the container ids (#1719)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: website/docs/d/cluster.html.markdown

-> **NOTE:** Groups and projects are synonymous terms. You may find group_id in the official documentation.

~> **IMPORTANT:**

> <br> &#8226; Multi Region Cluster: The `mongodbatlas_cluster` resource doesn't expose the `container_id` for each region utilized by the cluster. For access to `container_id`, we recommend to use the [`mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/data-sources/advanced_cluster) data source instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<br> &#8226; Multi Region Cluster: The `mongodbatlas_cluster` data source doesn't return the `container_id` for each region utilized by the cluster. For retrieving the `container_id`, we recommend the [`mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/data-sources/advanced_cluster) data source instead.
```
